Add section about releasing funds for abandoned checkouts (#1046)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/checkout/overview.mdx

## Removing old checkouts

> To avoid overloading the database, unfinished & unpaid checkouts are automatically deleted after a specified period from its last modification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid overloading the database, unfinished and unpaid checkouts are automatically deleted after a specified period from their last modification:
```

For any [transactionItem](api-reference/payments/objects/transaction-item.mdx) with processed funds (`authorizedAmount` or `chargeAmount`) assigned to abandoned checkout, Saleor will trigger the release action.

The release action is:

- webhook with the event:`TRANSACTION_CANCELATION_REQUESTED` triggered when [transactionItem](api-reference/payments/objects/transaction-item.mdx) contains authorized funds
- webhook with the event: `TRANSACTION_REFUND_REQUESTED` triggered when [transactionItem](api-reference/payments/objects/transaction-item.mdx) contains charged funds.

Release action is triggered only once. In case of a missing subscription for a release event or failure in processing the action by app. The release action needs to be handled manually.

To fetch paid checkouts, use the below query:

```graphql
{
  checkouts(first: 10, filter: { authorizeStatus: [PARTIAL, FULL] }) {
    edges {
      node {
        id
        authorizeStatus
        chargeStatus
        totalPrice {
          gross {
            amount
          }
        }
        totalBalance {
          amount

>         }

Author: Reduced the example. I also added highlights.
